DALI definition following the standard presented at:
[Geoffroy Peeters, Karën Fort. Towards a (better) Definition of Annotated MIR Corpora. International Society for Music Information Retrieval Conference (ISMIR), Oct 2012, Porto, Portugal. 2012.](https://hal.archives-ouvertes.fr/hal-00713074)
_____
**(C1)** Corpus ID: corpus:MIR:DALI:Vocal:2018:version1.0 <br>
_____
**(A) Raw Corpus**<br>
**(A1) Definition:** (***a12-a13?***) real items. **5358** songs each with -- its audio in full-duration, -- its time-aligned lyrics and -- its time-aligned notes of the vocal melody. Popularity-oriented defined by karaoke user demands.<br>
**(A2) Type of media diffusion:** text annotations and links to full tracks.<br>
_____
**(B) Annotations**<br>
**(B1) Origin:** (***b14-b15?***) Traditional manual human annotations of non-expert karaoke users.<br>
**(B21) Concepts definition:** note annotations for the vocal melody and lyrics transciption aligned in time at four level of granularity (syllables, words, lines and paragraphs).<br>
**(B22) Annotation rules:** defined by non-expert users.<br>
**(B31) Annotators:** unknow, users from the karaoke open source community.<br>
**(B32) Validation/ reliability:** the reliability of the annotations and the validation and adaptation to the audio are described at [Meseguer-Brocal_2018].<br>
**(B4) Annotation tools:** None.<br>
_____
**(C) Documents and Storing**<br>
**(C1) Audio identifier and storage:** specific unique url identifiers to youtube videos are provided; ; annotations distributed as TO BE DEFINED accessible through this github, files in TO BE DEFINED format.<br>


The version 1.0 is the result of the methodology discribed at: ***[Meseguer-Brocal_2018]*** [G. Meseguer-Brocal, A. Cohen-Hadria and G. Peeters. DALI: a large Dataset of synchronized Audio, LyrIcs and notes, automatically created using teacher-student machine learning paradigm. In ISMIR Paris, France, 2018.](http://ismir2018.ircam.fr/doc/pdfs/35_Paper.pdf)

NOTES:
- Singing Voice detection system = student trained with the dataset produced by the teacher J+M.
