_____
**-C1-** Corpus ID: corpus:MIR:DALI:Vocal:2019:version2.0 <br>
_____
**-A- Raw Corpus**<br>
**(A1) Definition:** (a13) real items. **7756** songs each with -- its audio in full-duration, -- its time-aligned lyrics and -- its time-aligned notes of the vocal melody. Popularity-oriented defined by karaoke user demands.<br>
**(A2) Type of media diffusion:** insolated music tracks.<br>
_____
**-B- Annotations**<br>
**(B1) Origin:** (b15) Traditional manual human annotations.<br>
**(B21) Concepts definition:** note and text annotations by non-expert users for the vocal melody for playing karaoke games. Annotations are automatically aligned to audio tracks. Four different granularity levels are contracted: syllables, words (and thier phonemes), lines and paragraphs.<br>
**(B22) Annotation rules:** unknow. <br>
**(B31) Annotators:** unknow, non-expert users from the karaoke open source community.<br>
**(B32) Validation/ reliability:** Frequency correlation between the note annotations and the F0 extraction.<br>
**(B4) Annotation tools:** UltraStar Song Editor + automatic alignment at [Meseguer-Brocal_2018].<br>
_____
**-C- Documents and Storing**<br>
**(C1) Audio identifier and storage:** specific unique url identifiers to youtube videos are provided and SVD system to perform the correlation + annotations distributed as AFL accessible through this github as gz files.<br>


The version 2.0 is the result of the methodology discribed at:

NOTES:
- **Singing Voice detection system (SVD)** = student trained with DALI v1.
