_____
**-C1-** Corpus ID: corpus:MIR:DALI:Vocal:2018:version1.0 <br>
_____
**-A- Raw Corpus**<br>
**(A1) Definition:** (a13) real items. **5358** songs each with -- its audio in full-duration, -- its time-aligned lyrics and -- its time-aligned notes of the vocal melody. Popularity-oriented defined by karaoke user demands.<br>
**(A2) Type of media diffusion:** insolated music tracks.<br>
_____
**-B- Annotations**<br>
**(B1) Origin:** (b15) Traditional manual human annotations.<br>
**(B21) Concepts definition:** note and text annotations by non-expert users for the vocal melody for playing karaoke games. Annotations are automatically aligned to audio tracks. Four different granularity levels are contracted: syllables, words, lines and paragraphs.<br>
**(B22) Annotation rules:** unknow. <br>
**(B31) Annotators:** unknow, non-expert users from the karaoke open source community.<br>
**(B32) Validation/ reliability:** not proved yet.<br>
**(B4) Annotation tools:** UltraStar Song Editor + automatic alignment at [Meseguer-Brocal_2018].<br>
_____
**-C- Documents and Storing**<br>
**(C1) Audio identifier and storage:** specific unique url identifiers to youtube videos are provided + annotations distributed as AFL accessible through this github as gz files.<br>


The version 1.0 is the result of the methodology discribed at: ***[Meseguer-Brocal_2018]*** [G. Meseguer-Brocal, A. Cohen-Hadria and G. Peeters. DALI: a large Dataset of synchronized Audio, LyrIcs and notes, automatically created using teacher-student machine learning paradigm. In ISMIR Paris, France, 2018.](http://ismir2018.ircam.fr/doc/pdfs/35_Paper.pdf)

NOTES:
- **Singing Voice detection system** = student trained with the dataset produced by the teacher J+M.
